fix(clerk-js): Ensure buttons have keyboard access when shown (#7306)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/five-animals-pull.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-js': patch
---

> Removing `tabIndex={-1}` usage to ensure buttons are keyboard accessible.

Author: ```suggestion
Conditionally apply `tabIndex={-1}` usage when shown to ensure buttons are keyboard accessible.
```
